Name of Project: SWEAT-App:  Sets-Weight-Effort-Attitude-Time
Application Overview: This app is for anyone interested in creating and maintaining a  daily physical activity (anything that makes you sweat) routine to improve their health. SWEAT will help them keep track of their progress over time and will continue to encourage them to stay motivated. 
What problem does your application solve? Starting and maintaining a physical routine is hard. You are fighting against inertia. Building and maintaining daily activities of the users choice helps them focus on physical activities that they enjoy. This app is simple and gives you positive reinforcement through showing you how much you have already accomplished.
How will your application work? Features? This app will have a simple interface. The user will be prompted each time they log in what physical activity they have accomplished today. They will be able to enter how many SETS, how much WEIGHT they lifted, how much EFFORT they gave, what their ATTITUDE was and the TIME they spent doing that activity! All of their previous activities will be shown in one centralized hub on the DOM.
Why do you want to build this application? I want to build this app to provide anyone that is looking to build and maintain a healthy daily habit with the tools needed to accomplish their goals. When I started on my fitness journey I was unsure about what to do or where to start and wished that I had logged a daily workout journal from the beginning so that I could see how far I had come.
Who are the target users of this application? Both beginners and experienced people alike. Anyone that is interested in keeping track of their progress in their health journey.
Will you have multiple types of users? If so, what can each type of user do? There will only be one type of user for this application. 
